[DOC] Authentication section update (#17)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/reference/authentication/authentication.md

> # Authentication

Reviewer: Add a link to https://github.com/Mirantis/mke-docs/blob/main/content/releases/README.md

# Authentication

Mirantis Kubernetes Engine (MKE) 4 uses Dex for authentication.
If you choose to use a different authentication method, you can disable
the authentication in the MKE 4 configuration file and add your own method.

---

> ***Caution: Changing authentication method***

Reviewer 2: This should say "disabling" instead of "changing". Users will already have to configure authentication themselves, we just have tooling to make it easier.

If they disable the authentication section, then they are removing everything completely including our tooling and they will be responsible for 100% of the authentication

> Changing the authentication method will require you to configure

Reviewer 3: Suggest editing to read (and it is extra wordy on purpose, as that tends to add to the *fear* factor):

"Be aware that if you opt to use an authentication method other than dex, you will need to undertake all tasks and responsibilities associated with configuring and maintaining that method."

authentication completely by yourself.

---

> For more information on authentication feature status in the release, go to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on authentication feature status per release, go to
```

[MKE 4 releases](https://github.com/Mirantis/mke-docs/blob/main/content/releases/README.md).

## Prerequisites

> - Identity Provider (IdP) - To set OIDC or SAML you need to configure an IdP with an application.

Reviewer 3: Suggest:

- Identity Provider (IdP)

(text to run underneath the bullet, before the next bullet): To set OIDC or SAML, you must configure an IdP with an application.

> Refer to [Add a SAML Identity Provider](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/security/idp-add-saml.htm)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Refer to the official Okta documentation tutorial [Add a SAML Identity Provider](https://help.okta.com/en-us/content/topics/security/idp-add-saml.htm).
```

tutorial from the official Okta documentation.

> - LDAP Server - To set LDAP you need to configure an LDAP server with a user.

Reviewer 3: Suggest:

- LDAP Server

(text to run underneath the bullet, before the next bullet): To set LDAP, you must configure an LDAP server with a user.

## Configuration

> Authentication can be configured in the `authentication` section of the MKE 4 config.

Reviewer 3: Suggest:

You can configure authentication for MKE 4 through the 'authentication' section of the MKE configuration file. `authentication` is enabled by default, however the settings for each of the individual authentication methods are disabled. To enable a service, set its 'enabled' configuration option to 'true'.

By default, authentication is enabled, but each of the individual authentication 
methods is disabled. It can be disabled by setting the root `enabled` to `false`. 

> This will completely remove any authentication-related components from being

Reviewer 3: Suggest:

"Doing so will completely remove any authentication-related components from being installed on your cluster."

installed on the cluster.

```yaml
authentication:
  enabled: true
```

## Authentication methods

> To learn more, refer to the documentation on specific authentication methods:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Documentation for specific authentication methods as they apply to MKE 4 is available:
```

> - [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](OIDC.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [OIDC (OpenID Connect)](OIDC.md)
```

> - [Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)](SAML.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language)](SAML.md)
```

> - [Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP)](LDAP.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol)](LDAP.md)
```

- **Identity Provider (IdP)**

    To set OIDC or SAML you need to configure an IdP with an application.
    Refer to 
    [Create OIDC application in Okta](OIDC-providers/OIDC-OKTA-configuration.md), or 
    [Create SAML application in Okta](SAML-providers/SAML-OKTA-configuration.md).

- **LDAP Server**

    To set LDAP you need to configure an LDAP server with the users.

## Configuration

You can configure authentication for MKE 4 through the `authentication` section
of the MKE configuration file. `authentication` is enabled by default, however
the settings for each of the individual authentication methods are disabled.
To enable a service, set its `enabled` configuration option to `true`.

> Doing so will install authentication method of your choice on your cluster.

Reviewer 3: Tap 'the' 'will' and 'install'.
